Update rename-organizations-and-repositories.adoc (#8630)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/rename-organizations-and-repositories.adoc

For accounts authorized through the GitHub App or GitLab, no changes are required when organizations or repositories are renamed in the connected VCS (version control system). CircleCI organizations and projects are _standalone_ entities, not directly tied to code repo or org names.

> You can rename your organization via Organization Settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can rename your organization from the CircleCI web app:

. Click **Organization Settings** in the sidebar
. Click btn:[Rename Organization] next to your org name
. Enter a new name for your org and click btn:[Save]
```
